What's up?
The Heaven and Earth Alliance issued three drums
The Iron Claw Tiger King is calling all the brothers
Rush to Emgrand KTV
Can make Wang Xiaohu so enthusiastic
I'm afraid he's the only one.
It's the legendary Black Tiger King
Could it be that Black and Yellow can't hold back anymore?
Want to come out again
How is that possible?
I can't even invite him
Just Wang Xiaohu is worthy of alerting him
Then we'll know when we go.
Black car to Emgrand KTV Yes
Hmm, why are you like a dog skin plaster?
Can't shake it off
I'll save Minjin
I really don't need your help.
And people like you.
I can't even enter the gate of Emgrand
Nagano
Just wait for the news at home.
It's really my daughter
Just ignore him.
I'll go in first
Wait a minute, you are blue at the door.
You can see the reality
You are from the White Tiger Society
I am the president of the Lee Group
Come to KTV to pick up people
What Li's Group?
Never heard of it.
Go away
See clearly
I am Li Jinke, the young master of the Li Group
You deserve to be called the young master too
In front of our young master
Which onion is your million?